12/12/2016 - Notes from leadership meeting

Roles:
* Vision Director
    * Miguel Castillo
* Sponsorship Director
    * Matt Morgan
    * Ian VanSchooten (assisting)
* Venue Director
    * Dennis Burton
* Jobs Director
    * Maddy Andrade
* Programs Director
    * Ryan Lanciaux
    * Ian VanSchooten (assisting)
* AV Director
    * John Chapman
    * Ian VanSchooten (shadowing)
* Communications Director
    * Miguel Castillo
    * Danielle Closs (assisting)
* Study Group Director (shared)
    * Danielle Closs
    * Matt Morgan

Tasks:
* Attempt to document tasks for roles, so we have a shared knowledgebase for anyone to pitch in and help with roles as needed (at minimum, gather up what Brian has been posting in gitter)
* create a meeting minutes folder, and add meeting notes from this meeting - Danielle
* Update the study group time commitment and tasks
* Update financial director with possible tasks and responsibilities, also what benefits we would have (non profit status, less out of pocket for leadership team, etc.) - Danielle
* Make a list of things sponsors could pay for directly (website, domain, etc.)
* Miguel mentioned getting together some speaking resources and posting them

Problems/Issues to think about:
* How to get “new blood” (new members)

Ideas:
* Maybe get paid speakers? Possibly have sponsors pay for speakers?
* Ian mentioned a mini CRM for keeping track of speakers (could we use a google site with contacts for this?)
* Maddy mentioned a newsletter, to keep open the communication between members and sponsors; what kinds of things would we want to have in the newsletter? (maybe use mailchimp?)

Notes:
* For new speakers, they just need lots of encouragement...  bounce ideas off of us over lunch